hey guys how you doing this average one
are coming at you with another video
today I'm going to be showing you my
under $30.00 present to myself for this
month it is an NC Star pistol flashlight
with quick detach mount you can see here
this is the switch that turns it on and
off right there and this is the quick
detach mount all you do is push down on
these tabs on either side they're really
they're really tough but it gets it down
and this little notch here hooks in to
the notch on your Glock or other weapons
system so I'll just put it on here and
show you how it looks the other thing I
want to mention about this flashlight is
that it's a real push to get it all in
the rail system here and once this lock
positively engages I mean it's on there
it's not going anywhere yeah and even
about getting off you really have to
torque down I came and do it with one
hand pushing down I got to use two hands
and then you got to hold that retention
spring and then pull it off there and
that there it's already squeezing on the
rail so it's a little difficult let's
take on off but it's a really solid
piece and it really just becomes part of
the gun so it feels great the weight is
nice it doesn't really add too much
weight to the gun to begin with so it's
pretty comfortable to use I'll pick it
up here and I'll kind of show you what
the output is the light output says 35
lumens take it in here to a dark area
and you can see that that is plenty
bright and you can also see that the
center of that light is pretty much
point of aim for the the front sight
post so you can almost get away with
just aiming with that that's
or blow of light and like I said it's
pretty pretty bright you can eliminate
just about any dark area without any
problem with this thing so yeah that's
pretty cool
and no the the way this thing is build
is uh it's a kind of sold as a the
airsoft type accessory but I mean you
can see just I can bang this on my knee
there's no flashing doesn't lose power
anything like that you know it's just
that's not going out at all
the construction is actually pretty
solid I'm really impressed with how well
put together it is made out of aluminum
it looks really good on there and it
functions great and right at point aim
so I don't know I think this NC star you
know they get a bum rap some time for me
and cheap but I think I paid 23 bucks
for this thing and I think it's well
worth it you know if I want to have this
it's going to be laying right by my
bedside and anybody comes in the dark
just flip that light on and we're good
to go
all right thanks for watching and I'll
catch you on the next video
you